According to Mony Vital,
the vast majority of earth's population
lives with an eye toward their death.
He calls this the culture of death.
This way of thinking did not resonate with
Mony from an very early age,
when he rejected his parents' belief system
as a child in Jerusalem.
This set him free to think for himself,
and his life has taken him down roads
most of us only ponder,
such as not eating food for 18 months.
As a breatharian
he experienced more vitality than ever before,
and dedicates his life to showing others
how to live without the fear of death,
the path to immortality.
(theme music)
It's a pleassure to be here with you Mony,
because this is a subject that is coming up everywhere.
There are whole conferences dedicated...
in fact, I think one just ended,
dedicated to anti-aging.
And, even so, this still participates
in what you call the culture of death.
Yes.
Ironically.
Talk about first what the culture of death is.
Define that for us.
You know, it's funny that you mention this anti-aging.
It happened like a month ago, so...
And there's another one just recently in Las Vegas.
And you know, they don't talk about living.
They talk about death--
And aging.
About aging.
They don't even invite me,
'cause I am far out.
I am outside of the realm of death,
so therefore, I am beyond anti-aging.
I am not anti-aging.
Yes.
See, I am about living.
And so, it's funny, I hard a hard time...
Anyway, so....
Yeah, we do, we live in the culture of death.
It's the fact.
This culture that we live in,
it's all about death.
From A to Z.
Your life insurance,
every time you buy life insurance,
and you sign the insurance certificate,
you're signing your death certificate, practically.
You're betting you will die faster
than what the government think you should live.
Mmm-huh.
And that's an exchange.
So, the moment you sign it up,
you're already dead.
You're already dead. Real dead.
You're a walking zombie,
and you're waiting for the day to drop.
And, uh, so the culture,
it's based on this actuarial...
Yes.
Numbers...
And then you have religion.
Religion is based on death.
There is no religion without death.
I read an article.
It was an interview with you on that topic,
that I found fascinating,
because you were taking it back into Biblical times,
and giving this overview as a perspective
of when you started bringing God and death together.
Around the time of Abraham,
and every religion foward.
He brought the principles of God on one hand,
and death on the other hand.
At that time,
where he grew up,
and he lived,
death wasn't an issue.
Nobody dies.
People live hundreds of years.
Yes, that's in the book of references,
they lived five, six, seven hundred years.
Yes, they lived hundred of years!
Yeah, he himself lived hundreds of years.
Everybody before him lived many, many years,
Now, so, God was their friend.
God was not anything but...
an astronaut that come to visit.
And they called them gods.
They didn't give 'em one god.
There was no one god. The gods.
In Hebrew, god, is Elohim
meaning many gods.
Mmm-huh.
Yeah, but then they change that word to mean one.
Even though it's plural.
So, all organzied religion based on these two prinicples:
death and god.
Death is the whip.
God is the carrot.
And they scare you with death, and sickness, and disease
and all this other.
You want their business,
and they become a middle-man
between you and your own god.
Which god just lives inside you.
Yes!
You are the god!
It's so funny!
It is funny.
And, you know, all Christianity is part of Judaism.
And they're all exact same principles.
Death and god.
And then the Muslim do the same thing!
Everybody copy from everybody else.
He was an amazing, brilliant person, this Abraham.
Because of him, humanity start dying below 100.
Even his children lived below 100.
His own kids!
Believed him!
Yeah, and they end up dead below 100.
Yeah. And since then...
100 is the highest,
and even in Judaism,
when somebody wanna to wish you good luck...
at your birthday, they say, hey, live 'til 120.
You know?
It's a curse.
Why they want somebody to die at 120?
And actually live to 120,
but basically telling you, hey, this is the limit.
Don't go over it, you know.
Right.
In fact, you...
I'm gonna quote from you,
out of this article, 'cause I loved it.
You said, "This system is very efficient.
It's the most productive marketing tool
ever created in human history.
There's been no adjustment needed from the time
of Abraham until today.
That's right.
"In this culture, the culture of the creation of death."
Every religion, every cult.
Based on those two things:
death and god.
You know, they want you to fear god,
and then you pay money,
you pay 10%, 20% of your money
to the organization.
Ant they they middle-man between you and your god.
Yes.
And they make that money.
They want it.
You know, the more you believe in god,
that he supposedly control you...
and then he control your life and death.
Mmm-huh.
You know?
The reality is that you are the boss.
But, the moment you believe in death,
then you're already dead,
because the orders your subconscious
function only from what you believe in.
Yes, and then you take it
into the medical industry as well,
which is an industry which helps us
avoid death for a little longer.
Right. Right.
The medical industry...
doesn't even do that.
The medical industry is suppress your pain and feeling.
That's true. That is true.
Yeah, that's basically what it does.
Unless it's trauma where you have to be
stitched up or you'll bleed to death.
Right. Right.
The rest of it is all--
For accident, it's the perfect...
We want them.
We want them to be the best.
But for diseases and development and aging,
and this whole process of dying...
You see, the culture call it:
Oh, he is aging.
He is aging nicely.
There is no such a thing. He is dying.
It's just another word to make you feel good
when you age and die.
You know, all disease is a function,
and it's outcome of death.
If you take the death beliefs out of your system,
out of your body, out of your cells.
Then, there's no more aging.
You cannot be sick.
Your body cannot allow you to be sick for one day.
If you get a cold, the cold will be for 30 seconds.
It's a thought.
It's nothing more than is that.
It's not a physical thing.
It could be, if you part of dying.
If you are a dying species, you know?
And remember: if somebody is dying, he has no future.
Mmm-huh.
Because they know they're gonna die.
A person is 50 or 60...
when I ask them:
What are you goinna do 20 years from now?
The first thought: he's in the grave.
No.
People still think like that?
Of course. They're dead.
They know they're dead.
They're planning.
Listen, they write their will.
They get their "paperly" you know, intact.
That's true, you get your paperwork intact.
Everybody forcing you.
Listen to the commercials every day.
Everybody want you to go and sign up
and do all these right things for you.
Yes, you're right. Yeah.
So they're already dead.
They already think they have no future,
so a man at 50...
Well, what kind of future can he develop?
What possibly can he look forward when he's 70?
Nothing!
'Specially living in this culture.
What kind of retirement is that?
Who are you, you know?
So, I came and I want to change that paradigm.
You have no business dying.
There is no reason for you to die.
So, change your belief and start living.
Become an alive being!
Yes!
Every day you're alive.
The other way, every day, you're dying more.
And going on what you just said a moment ago
about people filling out their wills
and insurance policies and everything else,
we interviewed a fellow named
Russell Targ, who's a physicist,
Dr. Russel Targ,
and he wrote a book called End of Suffering,
and what he noticed in his observation in his world,
which was kind of a elite world of physics and science,
and high-profile companies like Lockheed,
is that the human resources department...
had to analyze, their actuaries analyze....
when...
how long each person lives after death,
and they kind of back-engineer your payout,
and your retirement.
I don't know quite how those things work
'cause I don't have any of those,
but what they found was the average person there
was dying within a couple of years of retirement,
very frequently because they didn't have a purpose anymore.
They lost their identity.
So, you're saying we have to create
a much more essential identity for ourselves.
Right. Life purpose.
This is the key.
If you're not gonna live,
there is no life purpose.
If you have no life force, that's another issue.
See, life force...
We live in a culture
that does not promote life force.
The average life force in this country,
from zero to a hundred, is 53.
It should be 80.
For any functional human being.
And then you build on it, you know?
So, everybody is sick and in misery and pain.
You know?
And that's become the norm.
And that's the only conversation there is between people.
Yeah.
I mean, you know...
You see your family and at dinner,
what do they ask you?
Who's your doctor?
What did you do?
How many pills do you take a day?
These are the questions.
This is the conversation that's going on in life.
In our culture.
It's not something normal, I think.
I know my mom thinks that way,
but she doesn't wanna change.
That's fine, you know?
Right.
This is not for everybody.
This conversation is for the people
who really wants to live.
They need to know that there is an option to the death.
There is an option to the disease.
There's an option to...
resentment, and fear, and victimization.
You know, we are....
our own victims.
If we live in this culture,
and we accept what the culture
teach us and sell us,
so we are just normal people dying every day,
normal death,
and it's okay,
because that's the way of the world,
because you have to pay taxes and die,
the two sure things in life.
And that doesn't work, you know?
It didn't work for me.
Right.
And you know, I'm doing well, you know,
I'm happy and....
You started this journey really young, like five.
Yeah, yeah.
You were questioning things at a very early age,
and somewhere along the line,
you came up with the understanding:
you were the boss of your life,
of your health, of your vitality.
Right.
How did that come through to you,
and what did you first do with that information?
Well, I had a conversation with my dad, he want...
You know, I grew up in Jerusalem,
and on a Saturday one time,
we walk into the synagogue,
which I don't go normally,
but I went with him that time,
and, on the way, he asked me if I believe in God.
And I said, "I don't know. I haven't met him yet.'
And a little kid, you know?
And he looked at me like he was
shocked that I would say that.
And then, he twisted my ear so hard and so long,
that the moment he let go,
I ran away for a couple-a days.
And then I realize that...
I need to obey,
and I need to believe certain way to be okay.
To be part of the family and accepted.
To be part. Yeah.
And I wasn't ready for it.
And then and then I decided that it's not for me.
I'm gonna find out what's going on.
Who's who and why should I do that and since then...
That's a very brave thing to do,
because you're steeped in a culture that is very deep.
He didn't talk to me for two years.
From five to seven.
He never said hello to me again.
Oh.
Yeah, that was big punishment for a little kid.
Oh, yeah.
But, he was stubborn.
And I was stubborn, too.
And then I went the other way, you know?
We become friend later on, but...
Mmm-huh.
So you realize I'm the boss of my reality
at a very young age.
Right.
So, how did this start playing out in your life
in terms of this journey of understanding
about the culture of death,
immortality, and so forth?
Well, you need to know that if you don't make choices...
somebody else gonna make them for you.
Yes.
See, one thing I learned, it's:
everything is on a default mode.
This culture is based on...
if you don't take action, don't worry.
Something else will happen,
and you're gonna be fine at the end of the day.
And that's a default.
And the default here is death.
As long as you die,
you're gonna be accepted.
The church will accept you.
Everybody will accept you as long as you dying.
And if you're living, then it's choice.
And then a whole new world open up for you,
and many people don't wanna be even your friend
because you have nothing in common.
You become a scary person because you wanna live.
I understand that,
because some people are so oriented
toward walking through the program
and then going into their grave,
that as I read in one of the articles about you,
you said people, given the choice,
most of them would say:
I don't want to live.
I don't wanna live a long life.
For what? It's too painful.
Yeah, they don't know.
And that's a statement.
And I'm sure many people are listening...
some of our viewers, wonderful viewers,
have probably felt,
I don't want to live to be a hundred, what for?
For this?
'Cause they don't know the options.
Right.
They have no clue.
Nobody told them.
You see, when we go to school,
and, you know, I study psychology,
and they teach you what is,
how the world behaves,
and if they behave differently,
then something wrong with them,
and there's a name for it.
So they teach you what is, basically.
And then, you know, when I finished school,
I got my PhD, and I'm asking myself,
What did I learn?
I learned nothing.
I figured out that if I wanted to know
what they forgot telling me.
Yes!
What is it that it's not real.
I mean, what is?
This, they think they know what is,
but I was looking for what isn't.
Mmm-huh.
In this whole, complex life.
And I realize it's all based on one thing:
death, death, and death.
If you gonna be alive,
you know, but for me,
you're gonna be outside of the box,
thinking outside the box,
living outside the box,
and you know, to be healthy,
and live long life, it's perfect.
You don't have to spend money.
There's no doctor bills.
You don't have to have insurance. Ever.
Uh, there's no lawyers involved anymore.
Very true!
Life is simple.
And, you know, like, I went far out,
and at some point I did not eat for a year -and-a-half.
I was a breatharian.
So, I didn't have, I didn't need money.
I live home without money.
And I wanna talk to you about that a little more
after you finish this thought.
Yeah, so, but there are options,
and people need to know that we need to find,
what's the other way,
what are the options available to us as being,
as human being, you know?
So listen, even if you don't have the option...
make a choice.
At least if you're gonna die,
die by choice,
not on a default mode.
Yes.
And if you read my book,
you really are gonna spin your...
this is critical thinking.
About living.
Yes.
And that's the book, the Ageless Living book, right?
It's the Ageless Living book,
Freedom from the Culture of Death.
Totally.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well, let's talk about that along this way,
along this journey,
you chose to be a breatharian,
now I am assume you drink fluids.
Right.
But you don't eat foods.
Yeah.
Well, now, you know, listen--
Back then...
those 18 months.
Oh, yeah. Even not water.
I mean, I drank water maybe...
a sip a week.
That's it?
I didn't like, I don't like water.
I don't drink water.
I never drink water.
So, water wasn't an issue, you know?
And when people tell you you have to have
eight cups a day or ten, this is all nonsense.
Mmm-huh.
You know.
Well, you're still here. Obviously.
So, you really chose that path,
because you what...
you wanted to...
see what would happen?
Yeah, well you see, I'm physically immortal.
Mmm-huh.
And, I feel that way.
I know my body is programmed like this.
You've chosen.
I've chosen that.
I choose everything about me.
And then, the moment I knew that,
and I feel good,
then I wanted to try not eating,
because that's another exercise.
Mmm-huh.
And so, because if I trust me enough,
and I love myself,
and it's all about self-love, bottom line, you know?
This whole conversation about love.
There's nothing more or less than love.
But real love.
Love of you. Of personally.
How well do you love you?
Do you know you?
How well do I trust me?
How well do I, um...
Acknowledge who I am as a human being.
And then I develop it further, further, further.
Mmm-huh.
So, I decided not to eat for a while,
and I have friends who did not do it,
I mean, who quit eating, you know, Jasmuheen.
She's very famous for that.
She actually was profoundly, uh, uh...
a person that affected me.
I read her books and I said,
wow, you know, I gotta do that.
But for me, it was just a side effect,
side things, you know.
'Cause, I didn't worry about living,
You know, death or alive,
or being sick or here.
That's true, so it wouldn't be considered a scary thing,
just a different thing.
Just a different things, yeah.
And I did it, you know,
I started and I did it for 18 months.
It was diificult.
During the time, was perfect.
You know, I really enjoyed it,
I was the best I ever been,
in my life, physically.
Lemme ask you a question,
kind of personal,
'cause I've wondered about this:
What happens to your digestive tract
when you don't eat food for that--
They collapse.
They collapse in.
They get smaller and tight.
And you lose all your fat.
And then you become....
you live an optimal weight,
youl have an optimal weight.
The body knows exactly how you should be.
You exercise.
Your physical power will double or triple...
when you go to to gym, for example.
I mean, I would hike three more times longer than normal.
No water.
I don't have to carry with me bottles and all this stuff.
But you're consciously using, I assume...
air, sunlight, prana.
All you need is to breathe.
That's all you need is to breathe.
The sun is there every day.
All you need is two minutes of sun.
That sun is not an issue.
It's breathing.
Everything done with the breath.
We process our...
Our nutrition come only from air,
not from the food you eat.
See, we have two system for living.
The lung and the intestines.
And then, if the intestines shut down totally,
then the lung is working naturally anyway.
Most people get more energy from
their lungs, than from intestines,
than from the food they eat, anyway.
That is true.
Yeah, see, the intestine actually...
spend more energy to process the food than it makes.
Yes.
And we all experience that.
Yeah.
We eat a normal kind of diet,
normal for our culture,
which is essentially dead,
most of the things are lifeless,
and you feel tired.
You feel heavy.
You feel less than optimal.
Whereas, sitting down and having a good session
of just breathing with some intention or consciousness
just deep breathing, you feel enlivened.
So that speaks for itself.
Yeah, you know,
you eat lunch,
that is why there is siesta in the world.
Every country in the world shut between two and four.
Yeah, once upon a time, it's true.
To digest that food and sleep it off.
Yeah, because you cannot keep your eyes open,
you have to take a nap.
So, it's become a social event.
See, this is another thing.
People don't talk about it.
Why would you need to go to sleep after you eat
if you have all this beautiful food and energy
that you just received.
It's not.
And it's sensual.
People...
We've become accustomed to the taste and the flavors
and the desirous of these things--
It's addiction.
Everything is within the addiction realm.
Yeah. It's mental.
And, you know, when I told my mom, at the time,
that I'm not eating,
I was talking to her on the phone,
she said, she paused for a minute,
and then she start laughing.
She said, "Oh, what a joke."
She thought I was joking with her.
And I said, "Yeah, Mom, I'm joking."
Because she wouldn't get it.
That I am not eating anymore.
Yeah.
And that was one of the best time.
But you know, socially, it was difficult,
because then people shy you when they know you don't eat.
They ask so many questions,
they think something wrong with them that they eating.
They know something is wrong,
but they cannot really do anything about it.
They too much entrenched in food,
and in their beliefs,
and in your medicine,
and their religion,
and beside, remember:
food is love for mommies.
Yes.
For many people.
It is for me, as a mom.
I love cooking and baking.
It's part of my offering is offering
wonderful-tasting sweet things to people that I love.
Exactly.
Yeah, and it is a deep part of my culture,
my internal culture,
because I've thought of this:
How would life be without those wonderful flavors?
And I know, you're right,
it's all belief- and addiction-based.
Yeah.
And like, my mom never said "I love you" to me.
But, she would, every time she sees me,
when I go to visit, it's a plate, right?
She shoves a plate right in front of me.
Like there's always two or three.
And, Mom, Mom, I don't eat.
But maybe, just in case.
Maybe, should I smell it or something?
It was...
And you take a sniff.
Well, what happened after you came off of
this 18-month period and integrated kind of
back in a little bit and started eating again.
What happened to your body,
and the digestive system?
Was there a transition?
Yeah. There is transition,
and start working again,
you know, it's fully...
Uh, you know, functional.
But, really, you have to ease up on using your stomach.
Yeah.
So, every time you eat solid food,
then you work very hard,
you lose more energy than you create.
Salad?
Solid.
Oh, solid. Solid.
Yeah. Like, a potato...
Big plate of pasta, or something.
Yeah, anything like, pasta is bad, anyway, but...
So, uh, if you drink it.
If you juice it or if you blend it...
then it's easier for this particular food
to move in and out of your system,
like in six, seven hours, instead of 15.
Yes.
And that's the different in time,
in the processing of that food,
that makes a difference,
and then you may save some energy and nutrient,
to function better as a human being.
Yes, no, that's...
And I think a lot of us,
a lot of people watching this right now,
are already getting that.
There's a big movement toward fluids and juicing,
and taking food more in this way.
Having a shake in the morning
is becoming very commonplace
where, when I started doing that,
many years ago, decades ago,
it wasn't a popular thing to do.
Now, everybody has a shake.
You can go out and buy one
if you don't wanna make one.
That's right. Yeah.
So, it is permeating the mass consciousness.
But, I'll tell you something,
there is certain food which is poisonous to you.
Yes.
And, no ifs or buts,
but the culture doesn't even tell you.
Let's start with tomatoes.
Yes.
Tomatoes are poison!
Nightshade family.
No, it's a poisonous plant!
Only human eat it!
No animal in the world would eat a tomato...
of any kind.
Doesn't matter what's its color.
It's so acidic, it's startling.
And it's a poison, too.
So, you can Google it if you don't trust my word.
No, it's true.
Belladonna. It's part of the nightshade family, it is.
But not only that it's nightshade, it's poison.
There's other nightshades that we eat,
they not poisonous to us.
This is poisonous plant.
Interesting.
If you put "tomato, poison" and read about it.
There's some famous stories throughout history
about the person that first stood
on the courthouse steps
and ate a tomato publicly back east,
many years ago,
to get people into showing them
they weren't going to die,
you don't have to be afraid of 'em.
But they were afraid, you're saying, for a reason.
The lore was: these are poisonous.
And, you know, they tell you they have lycopene in them,
it's good for you if you have a cancer.
This is all nonsense.
The more you eat 'em,
the faster you die.
Interesting.
Yeah, especially for cancer patient.
So, they not telling you the real truth, you know?
Because the lycopene is mean nothing,
in compare to the amount of acidity
that it causes in the body.
The second thing is mushrooms.
Mmm.
Yeah, all mushrooms are fungus.
We call them fungus.
That's their real name,
and then we eat them because it's nice things to do.
It's an Italian this,
and they come from here...
There's nothing good about mushroom.
Zero.
They've never been medicinal.
It's just a new name for them.
You know?
It will kill you faster,
and the frequency of the mushroom is the fungus.
And if you eat it,
it will show up in your body.
And remember: every cancer is a fungus.
Every tumor is a fungus growth.
Yeah, that's what Dr. Simoncini...
Simoncini. Yeah.
He's the latest one to talk about it.
Yes.
So you need to know that.
You need to avoid fungus in every way possible.
Makes sense.
I mean, you eating a fruit that called fungus.
I mean, how far can you go, you know?
Please change!
Okay, so we have tomatoes, we have mushrooms, what else?
And garlic.
Garlic is also poison.
Homeopathically, it's a poison,
because, once you eat it,
the body wanna get rid of it right away.
That's why you sweat it from you.
You sweat it out.
Start stinking with smell of garlic.
Why that happen?
Isn't it heavily sulfurous?
I don't know the detail of it,
but it's a poison.
It's pure poison.
That's why you have a headache,
your head get lighter,
and it ferment your bowel,
and just to get rid of it as soon as possible.
So the more you eat, it's bad for you.
So you avoid that, you avoid salt.
Salt.
Everybody wanna sell you a salt.
Everybody has sea salt, Egyptian salt,
Celtic salt, English salt,
Anything, that just, oh, this is the new...
All salt is poison.
It's a preservative.
It's chemicals.
Even the natural ones from evaporated sea water?
Yeah, it's all salt.
You don't need salt.
There is enough salt in the air.
In the water.
In every vegetable.
More than enough!
You know, if you add one grain of salt,
that grain of salt has all the minerals
you already need for the day.
So, if you have, you do this twice, three times,
you have so much minerals,
then that will affect your hormones,
and suddenly you don't know
what's happening with you.
Why are my hormones crazy?
It's not working.
They going up and down. Spiking.
Salt!
You preserve yourself suddenly.
Salt is an aging thing, you know.
Most of heart problems is because of salt.
But they don't tell you!
It's a secret! Nobody cares!
You know?
Listen, if you'd be healthy,
nobody gonna make money!
We do understand those agendas. Yes.
You know, the doctor's has a job, for god's sake.
And you know, he want have anything to see or to say.
And then the medication and all this...
It's all about salt.
Cut the salt!
Most of the time if you cut the salt,
you cut a lots of stuff.
That's true.
Most of the people who go on strict vegan,
or macrobiotic diets,
usually, they cut out the salt first.
Right, but there's more.
See, the next one is soy product.
There is no good soy product.
There isn't.
Not edamame bean.
Not soy drinks, soy lattes.
Not, um...
tofu of any kind.
Mmm-huh.
Not any replacement meat.
All these are poisonous to your body,
directly make you sick.
Personally, they do make me sick.
I can't eat it.
Because, soy, the way we eat it in this country,
and nobody really do it right.
It's poisonous.
Soybean is the number one poisonous legume in the world.
Yes.
We all know it.
No, most people don't know it.
And they're still eating a lot of soy
as an alternative to other things.
Yeah, but you see, when everybody tell you:
Oh, the Chinese eat it and the Japanese eat it.
Yeah, they eat so little.
And the soy they eat, they ferment.
There is such a way to ferment it--
Such as tempeh--
Yeah, but the tempeh here...
Is different than there--
It's different.
It is poison here.
Here, it is a poison.
You do not touch it.
You do not touch any soy products here.
You know, edamame bean.
We love it, remember?
But if you eat five or six of them?
Your blood will slow in flowing,
for the next 10 minutes.
It's so poisonous.
I believe that. I get really sick eating that.
I'm telling you.
And then the next one is,
which is even worse than all, is citrus.
Ooh.
Yeah. Orange.
All citrus?
All citrus. Orange.
Including lemons?
Lemon. Grapefruit. Mandarin. Clementine.
It's so delicious, but they pure acid.
And they make you sicker than ever before.
And if you take one orange juice in the morning,
you screwed up the whole day.
Yeah.
That day is gone.
And then you wonder, what's wrong?
I had my oranges! I had my vitamin C.
Oh, no, doesn't work like this.
It's a fallacy.
You know, we have a lotsa stories about these things.
And you know, it's an industry,
and they sell it to you and they make the research.
That same industry make everything for you.
All the marketing,
so you don't have to think.
You think, oh, my god, it's oranges from Florida.
The sun and the beauty,
but they don't tell you how poisonous it is
to your body for the long-term.
And you know, people who cannot walk,
they have joint issues,
every joint issues started with the citrus.
Interesting.
Yeah.
You cut the citrus,
most people who have joint issues
will be fine in three months.
Because it's such a part of Western culture
to have a glass of juice in the morning.
Yeah, this is all nonsense.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Three months. You cut it.
After three months, you'll see.
You'll have no problem with joints,
your legs if be fine.
You don't have to have the surgery anymore.
What happens with things like coffee or caffeine?
Coffee is acid, too.
Yeah.
All these things you're speaking of are acidic.
Well, coffee affects other things,
but it's still acid.
I mean, a little coffee, you know,
I'll let you pass.
But you cannot have two cups of coffee a day.
You know, like, just a little bit.
Like, few grain of coffee, like sparkle it in something.
It's fine.
I mean, it'll give you a little good, or whatever,
it smell good, too.
It's nice.
But a lot of coffee is no, no way.
Because, again, acid, acid.
Everything here is acid, acid.
Everything is acid.
Also with the teas.
Teas.
If it does not say herbal tea on the box,
it's not herbal and you don't wanna drink it.
Just because the color of it is green.
When you see green tea,
it doesn't mean it's good for you.
It has to be herbal green tea.
Yes.
People don't know that.
They say, oh, but it's herbal.
You know, it's a plant.
No.
Doesn't make us difference.
Most of the plants are acidic.
90% of them are acidic.
There's system process to take the acidity out,
to take the poison out.
To take, you know, whatever it is you don't want there.
Well, this is very enlightening, this list.
I'm sure everybody's written it down.
If not, rewind and listen to it, write it down--
I'm a little strict.
Well, you know, interestingly...
with only two exceptions on this list,
every single one of these are things I don't eat
because they make me feel bad.
I feel sick or lose my energy on those foods.
So, I'm really not surprised at this list.
It's quite interesting.
Yeah, everything that is white color...
you need to avoid.
Like, all the sugars are white.
Sugar replacements are white.
Salt is white.
The milk is white.
The soymilk is white.
The mayonaisse white.
The white rice is white.
The white bread is white.
If you avoid all this, you're fine.
It's white. Just no white.
Have vital, alive, colorful foods.
Yeah. Color is good.
So, we're back, you're eating a little bit of food,
and you're drinking your smoothie in the morning
with really super nutrients, you know...
Hemp protein is the best.
And it tastes good, too.
Yeah, it taste pretty good.
Um, you know...
Again, you know,
you make your shake in the morning,
you don't have to add so many things in it.
Just for the fun, you know,
give a kick,
make your inner child happy
when you are eating something sweet and nice.
But basically,
lighten up on just food consumption overall.
We get that part now. We hear you.
And we all know what it feels like
to be really tired after your meal.
If you can cut your meal by third.
One-third.
You'll be the happiest person in the world.
That's very good.
You take whatever you have, third.
You eat one-third.
Save the other two pieces,
like, make it, third, third, third,
and eat it like two hours later or three hours later.
Since people are watching this
right around the first of the year,
that's a really good idea,
because most of us have over-consumed
leading up to this moment,
so this is a good time to start looking at this seriously.
Yeah, otherwise you're gonna fall asleep.
You're gonna lose energy.
Basically, we talking about energy.
And energy, it's all frequency.
Life force. It's all about--
Let's get into that,
because that's what you're doing.
That's what your doing.
I know you do the vital energetic balancing,
and it's a really interesting and very kind of futuristic,
almost, topic in the way it's done.
First of all, explain...
There was something I was going to ask you a moment ago,
about the subconcious mind,
and its effect on the immune system.
The first and secondary healings
that you say take place within the being,
and I don't know if it's best to launch into that now,
or go right to the energetic balancing.
Let's go to the energetic balancing first.
We may cover that.
Okay.
Energetic balancing is, basically,
we need to understand that we are energetic beings.
We are, I am, 100% energy.
There's a bag of skin, of me and my shape,
and inside it, there is water,
like 90% water.
It's a container of water.
We're a skin suit with water and energy.
Yeah, it's skin bag, I call it.
Yeah. Skin bag.
Full of water!
And there's couple of batteries
that makes me move and that's it.
That's all we are.
We're water.
And therefore, if we're nothing but water,
there's nothing to cut.
We are shape-shifters.
You need to know,
if you doctor tells you you have a disease,
or some dysfunction,
and there's nothing you can do about it,
you know he is lying.
He doesn't know better.
He doesn't know any better.
Because it's all water,
and you can change it.
We can shape-shift all the time.
Actually, we do shape-shift.
Our head shrink every 11 second,
and widen every 11 second.
We always move, like this, constantly.
Our coccyx move up and down every 11 second.
This is the cranial rhythm.
Cranial rhythm that goes in the head
all the way in the body.
We all change, all the time, constantly.
We never not change.
But now, the doctors are not gonna tell you that.
It's not a conversation.
Nobody knows about it.
It's hush-hush conversation.
So, because, as far as they're concerned,
we are solid,
because they can cut you, and nuke you,
and paste you, and medicate you.
Yes.
Yeah. And Band-Aid it.
So, that's a different approach of thinking.
So, for me, if I wanna change something,
it's all water, I can change it.
If it's energy, I can tweak it.
It's a frequency.
Mmm-huh.
So my technology, as such, called energetic balancing,
and it's all quantum mechanics technology,
I developed through the years.
I calculate everything mathematically, basically.
I'll do nothing but math,
so my computer does the math, basically.
So once I know who you are,
I create an energy signature of the person.
And then we calculate that person
as an undefined point in space.
And then we locate, once we do that,
we can read one-hundredth of a second
of the heat coming out of that person's body.
Now, let's talk about that.
See, there's the heat coming out of you all the time.
Constantly.
What is this heat?
Why there is a heat?
Mmm-huh.
You know, what is it?
It's a thermal energy.
It's a kinetic energy.
Yes, because we're human, we think it is.
But, really, it's a magentic energy.
And this heat is all information
that the body is sending out
24 hours a day, 7 days a week,
to tell the universe and the world who you are.
It's like, me, me, me.
I am this, and I am that,
and that's what I do,
and that's where I live,
and that's how I do,
this is myself.
Every little cell in our body
send a frequency out to tell the world who it is.
And the reason we do it,
this is how we, human,
communicate with the universe,
with the collective consciousness.
We're not alone.
So, all this information is being collected.
And there is an entity called collective consciousness.
Yes.
And, metaphorically, it's like a giant supercomputer.
It collect all this information from all over the world,
from everything living,
and then we share that information.
See, during the day we send,
we, we, we, who we are,
we tell that story,
and a night, when we sleep,
we receive back information to correct, remember--
And that's when healing happens--
Only at night.
When you receive the correct information.
Now, normally, we get the correct information,
but information can get lost.
Misunderstood.
Misdirected.
Misfiled.
Or, can it be simply cast aside
because of the beliefs because of the waking hours?
Of course. Of course.
Yeah.
So, misunderstood.
So, it's just went through you.
Yes.
So, what I do,
Once I locate you as a undefined point in space,
read the heat coming out of the body,
one-hundredth of a second of it,
my computers calculate it,
and within, like, 30 second,
I have a charts which check 20,000 items on you.
We look at the top 12,
and see what's going on,
And, uh....
And then we look at the energetic chart, spiritual chart,
stress chart, and...
Any other things that's important
to your body to tell us what's going on
with you at the moment.
And then, we send it to you,
so you need to know what is really going on with you
at any time.
So we figure out three months,
it's a good time for you to work on yourself.
Every three months you get a new chart,
and you're gonna reinvigorate,
redo things, cleanse things, change things.
You have a time to do all these things.
Because, otherwise, you'll never know.
You're gonna be guessing all day long.
What's going on in your life,
who you are,
where you go,
who you wanna be.
And how you gonna do it?
And how's the validation with the person?
How accurate--
Oh, 97% accuracy.
We don't guess.
There's no guessing.
This is all math, you know, I mean...
And it's validated to the person?
Yeah, the person knows everything,
we tell them, yeah, yeah, yeah--
And what kind of things will it indicate
that they would validate.
Every allergies,
we can tell you the name of the parasite inside you
Mmm-huh.
We very accurate,
'cause a parasite is a frequency, too.
So, if it's there, we know it.
And we know their name.
If you wash your hand with a soap
which is affecting you negatively.
We know it's a chemical,
and we know the name of the chemical.
And if...
And it's, when you, when it...
It will shows up!
And people, it turns out...
Yeah! It shows up!
Interesting.
Yeah. yeah.
If you use a magnetic, for example,
you're asleep on a magnet.
After a week,
the magnetic isn't going to affect you negatively,
it will spin you on the right spin.
We would know that right way.
Interesting.
Yeah, I mean, you know.
If your spouse doesn't feel good.
Let's say he has a, um...
sexual problem,
will show up in your chart.
Because your fields are so intertwined.
They're intertwined, yes.
So, on your chart, you would carry his,
and he may carry yours.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, and information.
We all share frequencies.
24 hours a day, 7 days week.
'Specially family-oriented in a grouping. Yeah.
Yes.
Well, then there's that common DNA
that is part of that signature
and everything else, too.
Yeah--
You're tied for a reason, I suppose, you chose it.
Yeah, it's a pure frequency.
Remember the heat that I was talking about?
See, you can walk into his field,
and then you overwhelm his field.
That's what human do.
Some people are very negative.
They have a very negative field of energy
that they express,
and you can see them when they
walk down the street from you.
And they always have to stay away,
and say, wait a minute,
I'll let them pass me,
I don't wanna get into their field.
Yeah, it's very common occurence, you know?
These people dump on other people.
And this comes up in charts that you see?
All this come on charts. Yes.
For them, and for other people who are the receiver.
There's more people who
receive negativity from other people.
From other sick people.
You know, dying is not a virtue.
Yeah.
And so, therefore, you don't...
You're nice to people who die.
Be nice to them, but you don't have
to think this is it, you know?
You know, you need to protect yourself.
You need to be strong for yourself, you know?
It's not okay to be sick because somebody else is sick.
And how many people do that?
Yeah. A lot.
And also, your pet may affect you negatively.
Most pets die with the same disease as their owner.
And they die fast,
like within seven years they die,
and then the owner get, the next day, get another new pet.
So, they suck...
they absolutely imitate the frequencies of the owners.
Yeah, but it sometimes works the other way, too.
Well, let's talk about how you came up with
this system's kind of mathematical signature.
Uh, well, throughout the years,
like in the '30s and the '40s,
was a lot of quantum physicists
who wrote books on this subject.
You know, we know, it used to be called
radionics in general theme of it.
Yes.
And, uh. they took it out of, um...
They make it illegal,
because the people who used it then...
claimed healing abilities and all this kinda stuff.
Well, they used it with pendulums
and a lot of different things to
divine information of an energetic nature.
That's right.
But mainly, the establishment,
the medical establishment, got scared,
and said, "Oh, no, no. Nobody can do healing anymore."
So, they took it out,
and they really persecuted everybody who worked
with the radionics for many, many years.
Rife and radionics, those two, I think, interconnected.
And, um, so my work...
I have nothing to do with radionics,
I don't do any.
So, I changed the whole system.
Now, I use only mathematics to come to the same result,
but my results are so superior, now.
It's just stunning.
It's mind-boggling, you know?
What makes the difference? Why?
My hair stand up.
Its accuracy.
Because, mathematically,
we cannot make mistakes in identifying you,
and also, with identifying your frequencies.
We don't.
And so, that's a big advantage for me.
And, remember: the key here,
not only to look at what you have,
to send you the correct frequency back to your higher self,
for your body to heal itself, to balance.
Okay, what's that part of the equation?
How does that work?
So, I mean, I assume you do this assessment,
a person can tell
where their life force is at, more or less.
Well, accurately, yes.
This is one thing.
But what happens after that?
The purpose is that this whole program that I have
is to help you raise your life force,
and balance energies within your body.
If I know what's the imbalance frequency is,
I can resend it to you as a message,
as an information back.
See, you're sending me, me, me,
I'm sending you, oh, yeah, that's you.
I'm gonna send it back to you.
So, now you pay attention what you want.
So, you're receiving back what you want to work on.
See? And that's the beauty here.
You don't really have to go guess and just figure out:
What's wrong with me?
You're getting it back.
Just allow your body to heal.
Give it the chance.
Give it the opportunity.
And be nice to yourself.
And, now, this in audio form?
Some of it.
Only the first part is audio.
When you get your evaluation,
there is a 48 hours, uh...
sound frequency attachment to it.
But, once you're on my program,
you really don't need it,
because we balance you 24 hours a day,
7 days a week,
no matter where you are,
no matter who you are,
time and space is irrelevant in this equation.
Mmm-huh.
Yeah. So, it's amazing.
And what's being sent back is
frequencies carried in the mathematics?
Right. But it's resonance frequencies.
Yes.
That's that's what they call it.
And explain what resonance frequence are--
Well, resonance frequencies
are the most common frequencies
for human to communicate with
between one each other,
and through the world.
This is the most common one.
And they're very basic, you know.
It's heat.
And we need to remember, also,
something very important:
remember, we always talk about energies.
Energy this and energy that.
Energy carries information.
Yes.
The job of energy is to carry information.
Only.
There is nothing...
There's no other function to the energy
other than carrying information.
So, most people think that their energy
is what's fixing them.
No, the information is the one that you need
to correct whatever is going on in your body.
So, the information about this fungus.
Information about this allergy.
The information about this particular chemical
that's inside your body, is sitting.
It's the information about the food you ate that hurt you.
These are the things that we really need to know.
So, these are frequencies?
It's all frequencies!
Resonance frequencies,
which are essentially delivered back to you
as a numeric value.
As a numeric value. Yeah.
But they come to you...
Everything send numerically because it's computerized.
But, don't ever forget...
Don't ever forget...
That we are computerized.
Yes. Biological computers.
We are biological computer.
We are the most advanced.
So, we use math all the time.
That's all we do, we use math.
We just not aware of it,
we use math to do... to live!
Well, we have done an interview
with another man named Roy Mears
who's working just with the numeric value also,
in a different way entirely,
but again, of these frequencies.
Math. Frequencies. Healing.
Yep.
Giving the body the information that it needs.
And this is done, it's more kind of,
if they're on your program, it's done more automatically?
It's all automatic.
Yeah.
Once you sign up for a year or for the lifetime,
you're with us forever.
You know, I mean, I'm planning to live forever,
so I will welcome everybody to be with me.
Forever!
Once they read my book,
they say, okay, I'm here sign me in.
So, they have contact with you during this process?
Yeah. Every three months.
Well, listen, if somebody is sick,
send me an email,
I'll check you again and send you a new evaluation.
Yeah, I always do that.
Otherwise, it's every three months?
Every three months.
And then, what is sending the information?
My server. I have a big server--
Oh, I see.
And it's very safe,
and it's different places around the world
so if one failed, the other one's still working.
Yes.
I mean, I made it very safe. It's like a bank.
And that's distributing the information?
Yes. It does all the calculations.
Distributing the information.
It's very, very private and secure.
How does it serve it?
Via a file that you open?
Yeah. Yes, I open a file.
Each person is a file.
There is no limit in the amount of people that I can have.
And just the speed of the server,
and the information that we have there,
and we update it all the time anyway.
You know, there's new frequencies that I find
all the time and I update constantly.
Like, recently, we updated,
you know, we had so much more,
and it is just amazing.
'Cause a lot's changing on the frequency level out there.
Is it expensive for people to do?
No!
Actually not.
I charge 600 for the year,
which is $2 a day.
Cheaper than a cup of coffee.
Yeah. Absolutely.
Actually, it'd be a little less than $2..
And for the lifetime, it's $2,875.
For the lifetime.
Regardless how long you want to live.
Or you will live.
Cause we gonna be here.
As long as the grid doesn't go down--
Nothing gonna happen.
That's another story about the 2-12, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah. It's all about you.
It's has nothing to do with anybody else.
Mmm-huh. I getcha.
Well, this is, it's very intriguing.
All of the background information, too,
in terms of what we're doing to,
essentially, to poison ourselves,
and rob ourselves of our life force.
So, you're saying...
I mean, there are things we can do,
like you say: don't eat those foods.
Um, you know, breathe.
Get out in the sun, at least two minutes a day, anyway,
just get a little touch of sunshine,
and that communication going,
that information going,
and then, to take it a step further,
is to go into something like your speaking of,
about these frequencies with this numeric,
as a numeric with these frequencies,
that can be operating in the background, more or less.
It's all the time.
Metaphorically, it's like you have an angel
above you with your name on it.
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Never leave you alone.
Do people notice a difference--
Absolutely.
They must. You wouldn't be doing it, I would assume...
I get the response from people, like, unbelievable.
You know, change their life.
Some people start right away.
Sometimes takes them takes longer.
It depends how your life is.
What you're accustomed to, you know.
Some people wanna switch right away,
they have no time, you know?
But some people take two, three years,
and then suddenly say,
"Oh, my god, what was I doing?"
The way you choose to live also would
help address the subject, or the trait of, impatience.
Oh, yeah!
Because you have forever.
Because, that's my bad trait.
I tend to wanna just go.
I don't like impediments,
and I tend to be impatient.
And, I know that's not a good thing, so--
I'll tell you one more thing.
You know, many people think,
that live in this world, in this culture, think,
they don't have time!
They're always: I don't have time!
Run, run, run!
Every other word, say, I don't have time.
You cannot stay that anymore,
because the word,
I do not have time,
literally translated by your subconcious is,
you wanna die.
Oops.
Yeah. And my system, uh...
flag it right away.
And, it's, oh my god, then I know what the story and--
Well, if you were evaluating me,
I think that'd come up number one.
Running, running.
And there's no real reason to,
everything always gets done.
Oh, totally.
And I wanna tell you something.
There is another thing that's something really interesting.
Living in a dark room.
For a long period of time.
For weeks.
In the dark place.
That's a whole new subject.
We'll have to do...
We're out of tape.
We are gonna have to do that next time,
because now you've left us with a cliff-hanger,
is that a bad thing,
or is that a good thing?
Don't tell us. We'll visit again.
I love your energy and your information,
so, until next time,
thank you so much, Mony.
Thank you.
I don't know Mony's age,
but he certainly radiates vibrant health.
One of his other secrets is doing 25 minutes a day
on a mini trampoline,
which he says strengthens bones, dumps toxins,
and tones the entire body and the organs.
I'm gonna give it a try myself.
To see more of his work,
you can go to physicalimmortality.net.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(theme music)